<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>TM_Issue_1-2.xhtml</title>
		<link href="css/TM_Issue_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
		<link href="css/the-manual.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="TM_Issue_1" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h1 id="toc_marker-1" class="fm_title"><a id="Anchor-23" />Letter from the Publisher</h1>
		</div>
		<div>
			<p>It&apos;s a mild October afternoon, and I find myself in the poorly lit back room of the Brooklyn Inn nursing a pint of Southampton Ale across the table from my good friend Simon Collison. We&apos;re in town for Brooklyn Beta, where Simon has just finished presenting a workshop on &quot;Analytical Design,&quot; and I have just finished attending it.</p>
			<p>Simon&apos;s workshop examined the established principles of graphic design and what we, as web designers, can learn from a deeper understanding of them. As the beer flows and conversation continues into the night, we discuss the bigger ideas that permeated the day, especially the definitions of web design and graphic design and where the two do and don&apos;t overlap. We talk about the principles that practitioners of our discipline created that are unique to designing for the web and the ones we will need to create as the web changes. We&apos;d independently arrived at these realizations about web design&apos;s maturity as a discipline. For me, that evening was remarkable because it was the first time I discovered that another person had been thinking along the same lines.   </p>
			<p>Similar conversations continue with friends not only at Brooklyn Beta, but throughout Build, New Adventures, and SXSW. It&apos;s clear that a number of us are sensing a shift; we feel the tectonic plates of design realigning. Web design is defining itself as a distinct discipline, informed by the principles of other fields, yet growing into its own. We&apos;re hungry for great and lasting design, and we&apos;re discovering what is truly important and saying so. Our discipline, too, is solidifying even as it must flex and accommodate the future that is hurtling toward us.</p>
			<p><em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual </em>will serve as an archive of this growing maturity and of the people who are nurturing it. It&apos;s a story that cannot be contained in just one issue. It will evolve as our discipline evolves, and none of us know where it will lead. The compelling story of our roots, future, mistakes, triumphs, and motivations will spill across these pages—collected, curated, forming a loose narrative of what we all do. We&apos;ve spent over fifteen years talking primarily about <em class="char-style-override-1">how</em>. Undoubtedly, we&apos;ve got to stay sharp with our markup and code, but many of us think we now need to focus much more on <em class="char-style-override-1">why</em>.</p>
			<p>Those who live and breathe design on the web are a remarkable community, and we want the journal to capture many voices—both young in the field and well known. This issue of <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em>, as every issue, represents a range of views, not a single voice. Though we may have one love, we are not of one mind. I hope this beautiful archive resonates with you and challenges us all in our work. </p>
			<p class="author">Andy McMillan</p>
			<p class="citation">Belfast, 1st July, 2011</p>
		</div>
		<hr/>
		<div class="note-frame">
			<p class="note">All links to websites, articles, or books referenced throughout this issue are collected at <a href="http://alwaysreadthemanual.com/issue1/">http://alwaysreadthemanual.com/issue1/</a></p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
