<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>TM_Issue_1-17.xhtml</title>
		<link href="css/TM_Issue_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
		<link href="css/the-manual.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="TM_Issue_1" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<div>
			<h1 id="toc_marker-9" class="fm_title"><a id="Anchor-83" />Ephemera</h1>
			<h2 class="head_a">STAFF</h2>
			<p class="fm_author">Andy McMillan</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Andy McMillan is a creator of things and the founder of Fiction. Through it he curates Build, an annual week-long event for web designers in Belfast, Northern Ireland and publishes <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em>, which you’re reading right now.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Carolyn Wood</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Carolyn is a writer, author, editor, content strategist, and consultant through her company, Pixelingo, and has special interests in typography, design, and user experience. She is editor of <em class="char-style-override-1">Codex, the journal of typography</em> and was acquisitions editor for three years at <em class="char-style-override-1">A List Apart</em>.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Jez Burrows</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Jez Burrows is a designer and illustrator based in Edinburgh, whose clients include Nike, the <em class="char-style-override-1">New York Times</em>, WNYC, and <em class="char-style-override-1">Wired</em> magazine. He is cofounder of Sing Statistics, an independent press publishing fiction and visual art.</p>
		</div>
		<div>
			<h2 class="head_a">ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</h2>
			<p class="fm_author">THANK YOU</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Our gratitude to the friends and web design community members who helped make <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em> possible.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">KICKSTARTER PROJECT SUPPORTERS</p>
			<p class="body_cont">David Parsons, Robert Eerhart, Scott Boms, Blaine Cook, Ben Stovold, Shawn Johnston, Chrys Wu.</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Jon Hicks, Hans Verschooten, Simon Starr, Frank Chimero, Helen Hegedus, Grant Hutchinson, Simon Croft, Chris Messina, Jody Collins, Steffan Williams, Anthony Castillo, Lachlan Hardy, Ben Bodien, Clare Dygert, Tim Chambers, Amy Hoy, Paddy Harrington, Alex Willcocks, Suzanne Woodside, Derek Dendievel, Alex Sexton, Jina Bolton, Liam McMurray, Michael Ninness, Skaja Wills, Christopher Schmitt, Gary Greco, Joshua Beale.</p>
			<p class="body_cont">And each and every one of our Kickstarter project backers.</p>
			<p class="fm_author"><b>SPECIAL THANKS</b></p>
			<p class="body_cont">To Mark DiCristina and MailChimp, Lynn Adair, David Parsons, Nik Fletcher, Marteinn Jónasson, and Justin Knopp.</p>
		</div>
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h2 class="head_a">COPYRIGHT</h2>
			<p class="body_cont">Published by Fiction<br />Copyright © 2012 Fiction</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Individual copyright to the works published in this volume are held by the respective authors. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, or otherwise, without prior permission of the authors and publisher.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
