<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>TM_issue_3-2.xhtml</title>
		<link href="css/TM_Issue_3.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="TM_issue_3" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h1 id="toc_marker-1" class="fm_title"><a id="Anchor-75" />Contributors</h1>
		</div>
		<div>
			<h2 class="fm_sub">AUTHORS</h2>
			<p class="fm_author">Tiffani Jones Brown</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Tiffani Jones Brown is a content strategist at Facebook. She’s also an editor and a creative-writing dabbler, and used to run the design agency Things That Are Brown with her husband. She has spent most of her career thinking about how content and design work together.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Jeremy Keith</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Jeremy Keith is an Irishman living in Brighton, England, where he makes websites at the design agency Clearleft. He has written a few books and regularly updates his website, Adactio. <span></span></p>
			<p class="fm_author">Duane King</p>
			<p class="body_cont"><span>Together with Ian Coyle, Duane King runs a creative studio and consultancy in Portland, Oregon, that focuses on design, culture, and craft. Duane is the founder of </span><em class="char-style-override-6">Thinking for a Living</em><span>, a curation of original, thought-provoking design content, and he’s on the board of Designspeaks. </span><em class="char-style-override-6">Fast Company</em><span> named him one of the fifty Most Influential Designers in America.</span><span></span></p>
			<p class="fm_author">Ethan Marcotte</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Ethan Marcotte is an independent designer/developer who is passionate about beautiful design, elegant code, and the intersection of the two. He coined the term <em class="char-style-override-6">responsive web design</em> to describe a new way of designing for the ever-changing web, wrote a book on the topic, and would like to be an unstoppable robot ninja when he grows up. Beep.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Paul Soulellis</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Paul Soulellis is an artist and creative director, maintaining his studio in Long Island City, New York. He founded the strategic design firm Soulellis Studio in 2001 and has produced award-winning work for clients such as TED, Cornell University, Esri, and the Rockefeller Foundation. He is a graduate of Cornell University’s College of Architecture, Art, and Planning. <span></span></p>
			<p class="fm_author">Nina St<span>ö</span>ssinger</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Nina Stössinger is a (typo)graphic designer from Basel, Switzerland. She started building websites sixteen years ago but switched tracks for the most part once she discovered her love for typography at art school. Nina now spends her days designing primarily printed matter, logos, and books—and some of her nights designing typefaces.<span class="char-style-override-8"></span></p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
