<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>TM_issue_2-4.xhtml</title>
		<link href="css/TM_Issue_2.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="TM_issue_2" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h1 id="toc_marker-2" class="fm_title"><a id="Anchor-31" />Contributors</h1>
		</div>
		<div>
			<h2 class="fm_sub">AUTHORS</h2>
			<p class="fm_author">Mark Boulton</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Mark Boulton is a graphic designer living in South Wales, UK. He runs a small design studio, Mark Boulton Design, and works with clients such as Al Jazeera, ESPN, CERN, and Drupal. In the past, he worked for the BBC and Agency.com designing experiences for all manner of clients and people across the world.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Cennydd Bowles</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Cennydd Bowles is a digital product designer and writer based in Brighton, UK, who has a decade of experience advising clients large and small on the benefits of customer-focused design. He writes for his popular blog at cennydd.co.uk, and his second book, <em class="char-style-override-1">Designing the Wider Web</em>, will be published in 2012.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Josh Brewer</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Josh Brewer is a husband and father who spends his time thinking about, designing, and building things that live at the intersection of form, function, and aesthetic. Josh is a design lead at Twitter, changing the world 140 characters at a time, and is one of the co-creators of the usability blog 52 Weeks Of UX.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Alex Charchar</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Alex Charchar is a full-time graphic designer and a letterpress enthusiast who dreams of using his Heidelberg Windmill printing press. Living in Queensland, Australia, he is editor of the typography section for <em class="char-style-override-1">Smashing Magazine</em> and writes at Retinart.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Karen McGrane</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Karen McGrane plays nicely in the content strategy, information architecture, and interaction design sandboxes. She is Managing Partner at Bond Art + Science, a UX consultancy she founded in 2006, and formerly VP and National Lead for User Experience at Razorfish. She also teaches Design Management in the Interaction Design MFA program at the School of Visual Arts.</p>
			<p class="fm_author">Trent Walton</p>
			<p class="body_cont">Trent Walton is founder and one-third of Paravel, a custom web design and development shop based out of the Texas Hill Country. He’s a web designer, speaker, and writer who likes to experiment with web typography and fluid grids.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
