<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>TM_issue_2-3.xhtml</title>
		<link href="css/TM_Issue_2.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="TM_issue_2" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<h1 id="toc_marker-1" class="fm_title"><a id="Anchor-30" />Letter from the Publisher</h1>
		</div>
		<div>
			<p>In the first issue, I took us back to autumn in Brooklyn. Over pints of ale, Simon Collison and I spoke ardently about our feeling that the web design profession was stretching toward a deeper, more mature sense of its work. </p>
			<p>I asked Simon that same evening to suggest the best person to help me clarify my thoughts and put the ethos of <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em> into words. A tall order indeed, but Simon didn&apos;t hesitate for a single beat. “Carolyn Wood,” he said. Within days, I was pouring out a flood of ideas via Skype, feeling powerfully validated, and laughing heartily with a woman who would quickly become one of my closest friends.</p>
			<p>Meanwhile, I’d seen the finely detailed work of the wildly talented Jez Burrows. I went to him for the identity work I required for Build. Here was a guy whose designs feature in major publications around the world. Yet now he was working with me. Last year Jez and I toyed with producing a sort of book, a gift for the attendees, but we lacked the time—and the idea seemed even bigger than Build itself. </p>
			<p>Enter Carolyn: Hours lasting into the night crafting the publication; keeping each other going through the insanely exhausting, infinitely rewarding adventure of creating something new. Sharing with another person what I truly believe in, and knowing that she will contribute with the same amount of passion I do. This is a rare thing. </p>
			<p>She became both a collaborator and the editor. Her editing is transparent. “Good design is invisible” comes to mind—and good editing is like good design. Yet her work is as creative as any of our efforts as she moves beyond simple editing to form relationships with our authors and draw out treasures from these brilliant people. Without Carolyn’s omnipresent sensibilities, the journal you are currently reading simply wouldn’t be <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em>.</p>
			<p>The production, art direction, and visual design of <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em> can be entirely credited to Jez. His contributions are tangible; you can see and experience the results of his efforts in what you hold in your hand, in the way the words settle comfortably on the page, in the attention to detail that appears to be so effortless and is not. And his design seamlessly reflects the ethos and content of this journal. </p>
			<p><em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em> was the result not only of my dreams and work but of my relationship with these two people. They enabled me to bring you the contributions of the extraordinary authors and illustrators that fill our pages, whose thoughts and words and imaginative, explosive images remind us of what we, in this profession, might consider, value, and become.</p>
			<p>Thanks to each of you who have purchased a copy of <em class="char-style-override-1">The Manual</em> and who help keep this vision alive and strong.</p>
			<p class="author">Andy McMillan </p>
			<p class="citation">Belfast, 24th October, 2011</p>
		</div>
		<div class="note-frame">
			<p class="note">All links to websites, articles, or books referenced throughout this issue are collected at <a href="http://always readthemanual.com/issue2/">http://always readthemanual.com/issue2/</a></p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
